Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, we've got Jay
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Jay: Will clean my screen real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, if you have any snacking that you need to do. Let's do that in the front.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meeting, just in case that I'm actually get to some CMDR today. Okay.
Jay: I should be good.
Yeah.
Jay: Probably all in my house.
Jay: Yeah.
Jay: Can I get a popsicle carbon
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure I'll set up a note for us. Take your time.
Jay: It's not a bunch. Look, see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know everybody was saying that their internet when they have the dish internet that that getting all hanky
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you duffle I eat. Do you like the snow.
Jay: I love the snow, but it came out of nowhere froze my house last night because I live in this
Gwenevere Abriel: Home. Yeah.
Jay: I run off propane and propane ran out last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: You wake up kind of cool.
Jay: Yep. But for this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making my nose cone. Now I'm thinking about my nose bit cold.
Jay: Yeah, it
Gwenevere Abriel: gets cold here to it gets to like 65 degrees.
Jay: My family was just down there in Florida, like a month ago.
Yeah.
Jay: Yeah, I was mad because I didn't get to go
Jay: I would rather
Jay: I would rather go to Florida than Vegas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Florida. Do you like
Jay: I don't even care. I want to go to go to a club. I want to get drunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: On here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't, I can't have any kind of support recorded on that, that I can't do. And I get. I get what it's like to cut loose and to just be a kid. I get that. It's
Jay: Just on my bucket list. I just want to go for the half moon, see the
Gwenevere Abriel: Ocean. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: I think the west coast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me tell you something. I've been to both and I lived in LA, I live in California and that water in the Pacific Ocean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Warmed up enough. It's so cold you come out here for. It can be the winner. You can still get in the water. It's amazing.
Jay: It blows my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be in that water. It's no biggie. If you can't get in the Pacific Ocean and don't need a wetsuit on the other coast over here to walk in that water anytime you want to.
Jay: Do. That's what I want to do.
Jay: Is one go have fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so I didn't think to myself, I was a little bit like
Gwenevere Abriel: How to court go like I couldn't remember if it was yesterday. And I was like, Oh, is it today. I don't know how to go. What's up,
Jay: She reinstated my probation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, for how long.
Jay: Well, that's what we're arguing the DEA is still saying I have four years, eight months.
Jay: I don't check it out. I got out of prison in June 28 of 2017
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: With five years probation, you tell me how the hell I only have four years and eight months left. That means I've only done what five months, six months.
Jay: Yeah, that's what I said. And he's like, well, I've only had this case since December of what doesn't matter when you have
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay but but you're happy you're not in jail. Hello.
Jay: I don't even have to go to rehab.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. So what went well. What worked the attorney, ask the right question. What was the what worked
Jay: No, I still have to go to court for those checks that still
Jay: This one just the probation violation for my duty, you wait
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's when you first got out so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm still, I was thinking that we're done.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the whole check thing. Okay.
Jay: I'm still facing a lot of time.
Jay: But
Jay: It would have been worse if I was in jail or my probation violation. Whenever I went to trial.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please. Okay.
Jay: So that's why I was stressing this
Jay: I mean, I have a feeling I'm going to go back to prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh geez.
Jay: Pic is going to be from the a couple years. I don't think they're going to give you the max. But I do think they're going to give you some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Jay: If I didn't have a record like I have
Jay: Then yeah, I would say there's the shelter probation, but
Jay: My record is two pages long on the Internet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so they want to teach you a lesson.
Jay: Yeah, I'm, I'm always the guy.
Jay: That they make an example out of
Gwenevere Abriel: Check something I want to see if
Gwenevere Abriel: I sent
Your
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your
Jay: Western peace loving
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Jay: He brought up the fact that I was in this program and stuff. Yeah. Actually, you have my back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it looks like something happen march 12. Let me see. What's that
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah it looks like I sent it. On March 13
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 13 so he did have your back. He is
Jay: He's fighting for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. That's a good sign.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what did you hear him say
Jay: He said that I've been going above and beyond. I've done everything he's asked me to. And then some
Okay.
Jay: I'm making my appointments. I'm staying in contact with him. Um, I let him know about that fight right away.
Jay: I'm just everything you know from day one. Whenever I first met him. I told him, don't be
Jay: Our problem. You know what I mean.
Jay: He's still fairly new, but
Gwenevere Abriel: He is I wish she had an old dog in there that can be like I've seen a bunch of guys and this one just as a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that's, that's basically what he said because
Jay: And this is where he told the judge all my pills in the past I've gone to court and said no we want him back in prison. He's not a good candidate for probation.
Jay: And then look guys see here saying that I've been doing everything he asked, and then I am a good candidate. So the judges are like I see you've made some changes just in the past year, because a year ago, people didn't want me out.
Okay.
Jay: Now, and doing good. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's another thing that
Gwenevere Abriel: Number. Did you give any thought to that that concept that I mentioned last time about having as many eyes on the case as possible, remember thinking, dude you given that any thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I'm going to church. I have a minister of a sponsor. Do you see what I'm trying to get out. You're going to have more people witnessing firsthand you're consistent
Gwenevere Abriel: moral imperatives you're showing up doing what you say you are you're not full of shit I EYES. EYES. EYES. EYES. You see it.
Jay: We're called character witnesses. I got about 12 or 13
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Okay. And those people. Those character witnesses. What is their credibility.
Jay: Well, I got my sister, my brother in law, my brother, my brother in law was a military police for two years in the Air Force. Okay, now he's an air airplane mechanic, um, my little sister. She's I mean she works sometimes. Sometimes you don't. She's a full time mom.
Jay: My mom. She's a business owner, she knows everybody in town. We got my step dad, he's a business owner knows everybody in town.
Jay: And that's why my mom wants my step dad there because he knows everybody. He knows who's in, who's pocket book you knows who's getting paid for movie. He knows everything about it.
Jay: So, him being there will
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, these people speak to
Gwenevere Abriel: Jay, he used to look at the law like this and now he looks at the law like this and this is how I know it's true. He's doing this, this, this, and this, because it's not enough to say he's a good guy. We want to fill the judges head with evidence to make it easy for the judge to say yes.
Jay: It's the jury.
Gwenevere Abriel: The jury to. It's the same thing. It's, you want to make it easy. They need to have pieces that when they go chat, they're like, Yeah, but we all screw up he screwed up. Look how young he was. This is a young man who
Gwenevere Abriel: Was in and out of the juvenile system like you know they can put the dots together making it easy for them to say that, and is there no way that you could read a letter of a just something where you actually write something
Jay: I think I'll be able to take the stand.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Not with a popsicle, obviously. But I mean, what would you say if you are for real.
Jay: I would just Explain my situation and what was going through my mind at the time.
Jay: You know, this wasn't an intentional. Oh I stole your check will come in a drain your bank account. You know I'm saying
Jay: I bought a little jack right
Jay: It's, it's not uncommon for me to go into one of their checkbooks my mom's checkbooks and
Purchase
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when they they need to be able to see something that is not that rap sheet.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you already put it in their head on what to do with that in their head. What do they do with it. The he was just using criminal logic again right he didn't think
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do you, how do you, I mean, because you might as well. Isn't that the worst part of it is, what do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: They have because that's what the other attorney is right, talking about. Look what a mess. What a messy is. Look what he did. He's just as another one of those he's playing you
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you can think of a way to address that and shift that what that means in a judge, jury whoever the listening audiences. I didn't quite hear from you yet. I haven't heard it yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that I've only heard, hey, this is my logic, you're only talking about the jack. You're not talking about what am I supposed to do with this rap sheet in my head. What do I do with it. I'm looking at you and now you got hey listen we're more likely to do what we always did.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do I do with that. How can you change my thinking.
Jay: I don't know. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what the letter I just brought up is, that's this saying goodbye to heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: That saying goodbye to being slick that same goodbye and the liar to the cutting the baffling disease that's saying goodbye to it. That's the kind of letter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you really can show I've had it. I've had it without life I get I was still holding on hope against hope that I'm going to, I'm going to bypass the system. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'll do one more. I'm gonna I'm gonna, I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: And I got away with it this time in this time in this time and this one time I wasn't even up to no good. It got me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that the way life is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drive and I had turned my life around
Gwenevere Abriel: That's when it kicks me in the ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being able to explain so that we, as we're listening to really see that you understand the value
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the legal system. And I don't know if you do. I don't know if in a really heartfelt way or do you still think
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I just want to party. Again, I really just want to, this is just an inconvenience and y'all are full of shit. And I just want to party.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't how do we know that. Do you know what I'm trying to say because they've never met you. They don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we gotta put it in there like yeah look like that. Remember how I was talking about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fixed mindset thing. And now growth mindset finding your own little like switcheroo like how did I used to view the law. My relationship with other with my community.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I don't I'm now accountable in this way in this way. My connection is deep and it's here and I see it here and I see it here so that when I'm sitting here listening. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's no threat to me. I wouldn't mind if he hung out with my kids at the park or they're going to be left like you're SCARY ASS, MAN. I'M. No, no, I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what I'm trying to get at. This is a hard thing to get to. But that's why writing if you hadn't written that kind of letter yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you'd be ready to do. You're still really young, so I don't even know if you're ready to say goodbye.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the street life to the hustle. I don't know.
Jay: I'm done with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna I'm gonna pop quiz. You ready for this.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jay
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, so I'm the I'm the judge and I say, you know what, Jay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If someone had come at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: They were jumping out of a truck and they were going to jump me. What do you think I would have done versus you if they were going to jump me
Jay: Call the cops probably
Gwenevere Abriel: WHAT DID YOU DO WHAT DON'T HAVE TO ME, I'M A judge
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what did you do
You
Gwenevere Abriel: You you saw john problem, then you someone's coming at you, you recognize him because he's an X right you find him, got a black guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he has to really shift thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: What else could you have done if you were so sure you have to protect your probation right violations and can't can't be hanging with anybody if you back it way up, go back even further.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing girlfriend who is her ex. See if you can pull it way back, but look what could you have done to even prevent it from happening. We pulled it even further back. You want to go back to the earliest piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of control or effort that you could have made to prevented that from happening. And this may sound ridiculous, but what it shows is for thought that you're thinking and analyzing how did I contribute to this happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might not have dated someone like that.
Jay: You didn't think I didn't think you're gonna be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know who this. Well, let's be honest, did you kind of know what kind of people. She hung with. Did you know her ex she was kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Jay: You wouldn't find her ex, and any of the circle. She runs around
Jay: He's a straight tweak or drug addict. She don't do drugs, she's
She's
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a straight to weaker. I'm gonna tell you right now, if I know, make it. I have to make some stuff up. I got track my own thought here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm dating someone and his ex is straight to weaker. Let me tell you the conversation. I'm going to have with with friend, my, my, my friend boyfriend right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And stay away from me. I gotta keep I can't even have it three three levels back. I can't even have a four levels back. I gotta protect my probation. I can't even I can't even. You're adorable. I'll catch you in this provisions done
Jay: Well, now that I know now that I know that there's a problem. Done.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you see what I'm getting at. Right, it's it's asking the questions it's protecting we do it the same way, not only with probation. That's that really fragile space in there, but it's also your recovery to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your homies. Uh huh. Yeah, I love you. You had my back. All those years. But, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still hanging with some people that are going to get is to close it, you know, and I don't know how you say it to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I'm saying right now is tracking it back to things that you can hold yourself accountable for we authority types we lack that up like a kitten.
Gwenevere Abriel: We love it because you're like, oh, he knows he knows what he did. He can see can track the.dot.he can see where he can intervene and he can change the direction. He's not blaming us he's not blaming everybody else do you get where I'm going.
Gwenevere Abriel: We love that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what a judge. So when a jury you own it and you say, I know where I could have done something differently. And it's so amazing how right when I was really coming online to that, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: It was. And then it was this, I was normalized. And again, all that but I I now know what I have to do I have to protect this as if it was an infant. I can't let anybody around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they'll mess with it. They won't know they're messing with it, but this is my freedom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody's going to protect it, like me, and I wasn't taking it seriously before. Now I am
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you see the difference. Like, I, I, I feel it like
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't taking it seriously before laws, rules. What are the abbey checking with my appeal. I'll be talking asking questions. Well, can I go over here. I know someone lives near there. What is they come up to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That my pod able to say, well, she always calling me and asking me what the rules are. Make sure he doesn't violate he's on it. He doesn't want to screw up. Okay, so I've been doing a lot of blah blah blah over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think about
Jay: Nothing. I mean, I don't I don't associate with nobody whenever I was with my girlfriend. I would hang out with her and her friends. That's it. Now that I'm not with her. I don't I'm by myself again.
Jay: That's the only way that I have been able to stay clean. That's the only way that I've been able to stay out of trouble is to be by myself. And look, whenever I got with her. The one thing that got me in trouble happen.
Jay: So I learned my lesson.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If I say to you, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to prevent you from another one of those missteps another violation of probation, what's going to keep you from doing that from getting in a fight or
Gwenevere Abriel: Accidentally taking something that's not yours or from slipping on a drug. And then, of course, now you're gonna break the law what just really simply put, what's going to keep you from doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
Jay: Just the simple fact that I've able to been able to keep myself clean and sober is a motivating factor for me, you know, labels.
Jay: What's going to keep me from doing it. I can't say that there's anything that's going to keep me from doing it.
Jay: I mean, if, if I want to do it. I'm going to do it. You know, it's going to be an access for me, that's exactly what my mom said they're not going to change anything just because I'm giving you
Jay: The total I'm not on drugs. So, I mean, I'm not, I think, I think, a little more clearly when I'm not on the drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the part I would be focusing on. I want to, I would want to understand how you're thinking more clearly it's not enough to say because on a whim. You could not be thinking like, we need to understand what's changed meaningfully about you.
Jay: It doesn't speak my my responsibilities and all my things that I've been accomplishing by myself. When that
Jay: Is that what the character witnesses before I got a couple counselors, I got a judge that will read for me. I got a couple pills at the appeals office that violated me last year and are willing to write letters from an issue.
Jay: It speaks volumes, just that I've gotten off the drugs and I did it by myself.
Jay: I didn't have to go to jail to get off. I stopped cold turkey and I made it work. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're talking about this episode of care that you're in with right heart health. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jay: That was hard. That was probably the hardest thing I ever did is taking them strip them and hoping and praying that I'm not going to get super withdraws and shake up in body aches in the
Jay: Blistering heading. You know what I mean.
Jay: But it worked. I trust in me I trusted you guys will help you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get there. Good, good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something else that you're doing is
Gwenevere Abriel: I will tell you that it is difficult for you to say it is like, you know what I was posing like what's different about your thought process.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is small, not to minimize the importance of it, but you're relying on other people's description of you versus you having written the kind of letter that I'm talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get me up on this, you get me up on the stand and talking about the reason why I'm not going to do, why I'm not going to accept outside the law, you're going to hear a really long list. You're going to hear me go up, up, up, up, up, up. But that's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I was trying to see if you already had it readily available. I didn't, I didn't hear much
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it might not be a bad idea for you to do a little journaling, just in case you get asked that question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do I give a shit about sobriety. Why do I give a shit about my community. Let me think about that. Do I see
Jay: If I'm being honest though they're not gonna like my my answers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's just me. Maybe you're not there yet. Maybe the truth is you don't trust yourself.
Jay: I don't
Jay: I mean,
The
Jay: Only reason I stopped using drugs is because I seen how was doing my family, my mom, I could care less about me and I got nothing. Do you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok ok ok now we're getting somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting to the heart of it. That right there that I don't give a shit about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want that to change. I want that to change, not only are you wanting to do, right, because you can see the damage that it has done to the people that you love how that it has hurt your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over time, I want you to be able to see that you have robbed yourself of an opportunity and I want you to really know what those are. But it means having to sit with regret the discomfort of guilt not shame. I'm not a fan of that one, that one wipes out the person I'm talking about just
Gwenevere Abriel: I can repair that and I am. It's different than I'm a bad person. It's I did something that's outside my moral code.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't do it again. I take ownership of that I don't avoid feeling it. So if I avoid feeling it. I may do it again. But I gotta hold on to that I got to own it, but I am concerned. Jay, that you you don't see the value in you. I'm concerned.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that really true, you really
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't
Jay: I could spend the rest of my life in prison and be okay with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is there anyone in your life. I mean, okay. So you've got judges. You've got all these character witnesses, do you actually believe what they're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not really.
Jay: I know I could be a good person. I just don't think it
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that because you let your mom down is that the central feature.
Jay: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it then.
Jay: It's a combination of everything. Everything I've been through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you, have you told anyone or maybe a clump of people all these wrongs that you think you've done and you let it all out and seen you have
Jay: To do the steps I've done a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: And did your sponsor say you're still lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe that sponsor.
Jay: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the difference. It's still
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not good enough. It's still in there. It's, it's got to be believed in a real way that you have value and you're lovable. You were born that way, regardless of how people treat you. Because plenty of
Gwenevere Abriel: Bodies are treated just terrible. They're just treated terrible that's. Those are the people that I work with, right. You guys are just the the mind right you're physically and emotionally abused. Those are my peeps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the confusion comes in, well then that's about as good as I am, then, is how I'm treated and it sticks there stays there. No amount of accolade and someone saying you're a good person. I see your potential
Gwenevere Abriel: It gets washed out away for for. Yeah, but you don't know the real meat. I'm a piece of shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that just sits there, because if I was a better person, wouldn't I have done this. Listen, listen, this. Yeah. What is it, what's one of the ones that you just you just want to say, Yeah, but you don't know. You don't know this. I'm like, what is that shame, say, what's its voice.
Jay: I don't even know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got time.
Gwenevere Abriel: To come up here.
Jay: Ladies restroom quick
Course
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the two objects. I'd like to do some positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Installing
Gwenevere Abriel: Cmdr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. So take yeah so what you want to do is take those two objects, if I'm, if my face is the phone. You want to have those two objects about shoulder width apart right next to the phone so that when I can't see him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah and yeah but and they're about. I would say from wrist to shoulder distance
Gwenevere Abriel: From from your eyes shoulder distance about risk not hand. But as I've noticed people need a little bit closer so them out there and it's about shoulder. It's about shoulder width apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me take a look at your move in the right in the thing, right. So, let me see you look at the top of those structures left and right. Let me see, look in the top of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a little close scoot back just an inch with your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now look at the top of the structures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to blink. Just look left and right, left, right, left, right. Does that hurt your eye at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. If it does, Jake, I don't want your eyes to hurt. So you want to scoot back even see how I just moved back a little bit. Here's me moving forward. You're going to want to adjust it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even so, slightly it'll make a difference on the ability of comfort to move back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to see the rate at which I'm sending it out of the corner. Yes, it will be at this speed. I'll be setting the speed with my
Gwenevere Abriel: With my hand. So now I want you to look at the top of them at the rate of the periphery of your vision, you don't really have to look at me, but I'll be setting the rate of speed. Very nice. And is it causing an eye strain.
Jay: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, scoot back just a touch. Yeah, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am noticing that they're lower than you, which might cause that ideally you'd be I level these objects would be I level would be better if they were don't know if they can be stacked up on a, what would that be in books or
Gwenevere Abriel: Salad. What do you call Tupperware container stacked up. So there's a high level instead of looking down
Gwenevere Abriel: Book will cover that and
Gwenevere Abriel: A half per inch.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we need, what else
Gwenevere Abriel: Around
Gwenevere Abriel: Box.
Gwenevere Abriel: macaroni box maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nice little thin or macaroni box right or cereal box.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be off by that will make too much of a difference.
Jay: Can you see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so I cannot. I can't see them. So it's a good thing. But I want to be able to. You want to be able to see them an eye level. Does it feel more like you're looking across to them instead of down. That's nice. Yeah, okay, good. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just going to be
Jay: Using
Gwenevere Abriel: So today I'd like to do. I know I have an incomplete anchor room and I think I'll come back to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But today with the little bit of time that we have. I'd like to do some what I call again those robotic words installing I want to do some of the positive imagery, just to introduce you to this attachment focus end or
Gwenevere Abriel: The em dr is just sort of this bilateral stimulation. Which one theory says it's a distraction while you are integrating information. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to know the science for it to work. It's not only will we, it'll either work or it won't work. Okay. You don't have to believe in it. So let's go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: For a minute. Jay, I want to just take a nice breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just lean into this idea that I'm going to do all the guiding you don't have to know ahead of time. What's next, I will guide you. You don't have to know ahead of time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything I say would just respond your natural response uncensored whatever feeling you have if it's in the body that shows up as that first response. I'm going to want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's a thought. I want to know if it's an emotion, if it's if it's like this image. I'm going to want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: The answers are probably going to be really small. And then I'm going to say something like, okay, go with that. And then I'll do another iteration iteration means
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 seconds or so of this and then I'll say what's coming up for you. And then you'll share a nice brief response I may say go with that. And I'll go back and forth. That's basically what we're about to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this morning, I would like to do something positive. And once you do take a breath, kind of get into that flow of breathing that belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to add some imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: First, I'd like you to have your eyes closed, you can really get into it. I'm not staring at you. I'm actually looking at your notes or my notes around the protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm breathing into myself, I'm thinking about Tony Stark.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to tell one of my kids to STOP GIGGLING
Gwenevere Abriel: Boys your normal. What can you do it out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And with the bobby
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: cuties
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's give yourself some some time for some refueling here and the objective today is really, it's to feel good. Okay, I'm not going to invite you to go somewhere and uncomfortable with the see if they can go somewhere that feels good. So bring up the imagery of Tony Stark.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's your favorite Avenger brings a little smile on your face right yeah he follows his heart to the fullest.
Gwenevere Abriel: He'll straight up persist and won't quit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Field at, where do you know that truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even when adversity and challenge comes, you mean forward to it and you move into what your heart knows is right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You focuses and you can to now on the bigger picture immediately even feel that heart pounding.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a protective figure hold that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And then bring into that your mom as a nurturer wanting your growth and potential
Gwenevere Abriel: And now bring in Jon Snow.
Gwenevere Abriel: as kind of like this, all knowing, wise figure, you know, trying to picture how Tony and john interact
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mom. There can, you're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you get it very clear in your imagery. I'm going to ask you to hold it there and open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to hold it in your imagery and at the pace that I'm sending look at the objects. The top of those objects left and right. You don't want to move your head just the objects left and right. I'm doing it pretty slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold the image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Interacting with nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does take concentration of hold that in your awareness, while you're looking left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to check in with you. What are you thinking about right now.
Jay: Managers
Gwenevere Abriel: You were. Okay. And how is your body doing she do it do a little scan of it. See how it's doing
Gwenevere Abriel: It's relaxed. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go with that audience relaxed and you were thinking about the Avengers. Just make sure you're looking left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're thinking about the interaction with
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing interactions, how the body's feeling if anything changes anything else coming up. Just pay attention to subtle.
Jay: Entire
Gwenevere Abriel: GETTING TIRED. Mm hmm. Interesting. Okay, where do you notice tired.
Jay: My eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Behind your eyes. Okay, I'm going to slow way down.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel more or less tired with the slow speed.
More
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna go diagonal
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's have an inhale, inhale through the nose into the belly, you know, that big belly breath. And then exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let the mind go blank for even one beat
Gwenevere Abriel: And after that quiet space, see what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me.
Jay: What you think about dragons for game.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that. Okay. Go picturing the dragons and the giggle. Notice the giggle. Okay. I of course you want to giggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where the wisdom is, is that right from the Game of Thrones.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay giggle pay attention to how that giggle feels
Gwenevere Abriel: In the body he feel it more than just the throat. Maybe you feel in other places to
Jay: What is it
Gwenevere Abriel: The giggle where you feel it. Yeah.
Jay: My lower back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do. Okay.
You're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got the dragons.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now what are you thinking about
Jay: Trying not to laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you doing. Now what was coming. What was some. How did you try not to laugh. See if you can grab that quick. Are we doing that.
Jay: I was just seeing the dragons fly in the show, I'll think about watching the show again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So did the rest of the figures fall away are they still there, the protective and nurturing
Jay: Belly to bring it up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But no, they weren't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they weren't. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about those dragons flying
Gwenevere Abriel: Sees the dragons know what happened to the nurturing and the protective figure unsolicited first response that comes up, or they go, or they
Jay: Ran away.
Gwenevere Abriel: They ran away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Tony and your mom.
Jay: Yeah, they took off and left me.
Jay: With the Dragon
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and how does it feel to be left alone with the Dragon
Jay: Right, it
Gwenevere Abriel: You can ride it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, check in and see, see if there's something about this dragon that brings check in and see if there's a sense of protection that comes from this dragon check in and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ooh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fire three is fire, and it's also getting you the heck out if you wanted to fly away to right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it have that sense of nurturing flying for you to reach your potential. Does it have that piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom not trust the dragon. I wonder what she did not know the dragon.
Jay: Doesn't speak slow, if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you guys see her running
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your imagination go we're trying to really understand these protective resources being very present with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: As it changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know.
Jay: I don't know what you mean by that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, notice how the rest weren't there and it was the dragons and now you're flying. And so then you just let me know if it's changing again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying you flying
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay, how does your body feel
Jay: Tense
Gwenevere Abriel: Where
Jay: My back my shoulders.
Back and
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if not trying and could do something to give some relief to those shoulders. Do you think
Jay: No need to sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Start over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jay: Let's relax. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you remember when. So come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to look
Gwenevere Abriel: Quick. Do you know when the tension came back. Do you know. Was it something I said
Jay: No, we were starting to talk about flying. I'm scared of heights. Okay.
Jay: Definitely afraid of heights, but
Jay: I had a job when I was
Jay: 10 stories in the machine.
Jay: scary as hell every day, but I do
Gwenevere Abriel: You have done dangerous scary things and you have survived. J.
Gwenevere Abriel: We talked a little bit about what you notice about this. This was very well, I won't say what this was because I already introduced it to tell me what you noticed doing this little, little bit of bilateral stimulation. What did you notice
Jay: How it could affect my body.
Jay: Just crazy how it
Jay: Can cause your body to
Jay: Relax.
Jay: There was a moment where my honor to slip off because it was so relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really,
Jay: Yeah. And then he going real tight and can feel it on my back my back at that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else you noticed it's important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: About all of our session today. See if we can trackback see if anything else you're leaving with that's important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look,
Jay: I'm gonna write a letter to the judge. I'm gonna try to figure out. I talked to my way of Pharaoh best way to
Jay: Present, myself included.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was something else that came up. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: The connection between the mind and the body just
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing up a thought can be a trigger to the body. Hey, this is this is a you're bringing up a thought flying even remember we had to do something that we didn't want to do. We were terrified. We had to do it anyway and then the muscles tensed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: That's crazy.
Isn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: Every members you
Gwenevere Abriel: You may not even know what's going on, but the body remembers it keeps the score and if we don't pay attention to it you know included in the conversation we're missing out on important part
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another appointment and this time we're getting closer and closer. We just did a little bit. I got to learn a little bit about how flow. I got to see there was a little bit of a little getting tired. There was a little bit of
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it was effective. I got to see but I needed to see what would go on with you around it and you were very able to follow my guidance. If I said do this, you would you would stay within that neural network. You didn't go outside of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be times when you might hear me say, Oh, let's stay here. Let's stay on this piece of information, not the whole neural not everything that you can ever remember about something. So you were able to really sort of let me guide.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think this will be effective. So let's schedule another appointment here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this. What a good
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we can do this again at 11 on April 21 and you're going to check out some groups tomorrow too. Right.
Yes.
Jay: I thought I had them read. Oh, yeah. No, I got one for Friday, we didn't find the one for Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I sent them to you and attacks you have floating around in there.
Jay: In a text. I thought I wrote down
Gwenevere Abriel: I i've got them in the text will look. Here we go. Wednesdays 130 with Dominique and Dr Arielle and then that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's three of them we get lots of options. Then there's
Jay: I'll do the 130 I'll do the 130 or Wednesday tool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because it is 530 and 730 at night.
Jay: See you live again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's 530 and 730 at night on Wednesday to
Gwenevere Abriel: So you in their, their with their
Gwenevere Abriel: Doctor all women.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like
Jay: This one to one with only me
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's 7:30pm and what you'll probably get with Dominic very different therapeutic style she focuses very much on meditation and mindfulness. So that might be a neat way to end your day like
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like she'll probably do some some meditative grounding things that might be a neat way to kind of bring the close of a day.
Jay: Okay, so that one's at 730
Yes.
Jay: And that's with all humanity and
Gwenevere Abriel: Dominic Dominic, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I sent out messages to certainly to the doctors and said, Hey, he's going to be coming in here visiting more groups and everyone was happy to have you.
Jay: Cool. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so our next appointment for your alarm. Anyway, want to plug in something like 1045
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to make sure you got enough time to check in cases a bunch of people for April 21 I haven't. I'm having my very first group that day so I will have to end right on time or even a couple minutes like two, three minutes beforehand. I'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: My first when Tuesday 12pm group so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll have to jump out alright so whatever's left whatever negative feelings, whatever negative images anything leftover picture it either going inside that container that you developed. I don't know if you're remembering what that is. You remember your container.
Jay: Yeah, the ship black and yellow ship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. X you're putting it on there and having it sail away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, and in fact, you can even have this distancing metaphor have that ship sail slowly into the sunset. Okay. And then you are on the shore and you're with Tony or maybe it's just the dragon and you. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you say you stay grounded on the side. Okay, and it goes off.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you soon. I'll see you in. Are you going to come in on Thursday, Friday group is what you're thinking.
Jay: Yeah, Friday at 12 I'm going to come in. Probably Wednesday at 735 Friday at 12 and then my 9pm on Mondays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful. Excellent. All right. I will see you soon. Alright.
Jay: Have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You too. Bye.
Bye.